1. Beginner mode
Waiter: Hello, are you ready to order?
Teenager: Yeah I think I’m ready, but I just wanted to say first that I’m allergic to
peanuts. I need you to tell the kitchen staff that I can’t have any traces of or cross-contact
with peanuts.
Waiter: That’s okay, I’ll make sure to let the chef know. What would you like?
Teenager. Thanks. Can I get the chicken salad and an orange juice please.
Waiter: Great.

….
Waiter: I have your food here guys. Who was the person with the peanut allergy
again?
Teenager: That was me.
Waiter: Great, this is your chicken salad. The chef prepared it separately for you,
enjoy.
Teenager: Thanks for your help.

Intermediate Mode:
Waiter: Hi, how are you today?
Teenager: I’m good thanks.
Waiter: Great, what can I get started for you?

Teenager: I’d like to have the burger and chips, but I have a severe allergy to milk. I
can’t have even a tiny bit or I can have a severe allergic reaction. I see that Milk, allergen
number 7, is marked on the menu for the burger. Could I get it without the cheese, and with
just ketchup instead of the homemade sauce?
Waiter: Those substitutions should be fine, but let me just check with the chef that the
rest of the ingredients are safe for you.
…..
Waiter: So the chef wanted me to let you know that the burger and bun don’t have
any milk in them.
Teenager: That’s great, I’ll go with the burger so. And can you just remind the chef
also to make sure clean equipment is used so no traces of cheese gets on my food?
Waiter: Absolutely

Advanced mode:
Waiter: Hello, welcome to the restaurant! Have you had time to look at the menu?
Teenager: Yes, we’re ready. Could I get the chicken wings and chips please?
Waiter: Yeah no problem
Teenager: Can you also let the kitchen know that I have a fish allergy, and can’t have
any cross contact.
Waiter: That’s grand, I’ll be sure to tell them. Any drinks?
Teenager: I’ll just have water, thanks.
Waiter: okay, I’ll just collect your menus so.
….
Waiter: I’ve spoken to the chef, and she said that we fry everything in the one fryer,
including our battered fish. So the oil we cook our chips in could have some fish traces in it,
it’s hard to say.
Teenager: Oh, that doesn’t sound safe for me. Could I get a salad instead of chips
with my chicken wings?
Waiter: Yeah we can do that for you!

Advanced Mode:
Waiter: Hi, are you ready to order?
Teenager: Yeah, can I get the French toast with strawberries and cream and a
cappuccino please? And just that I’m allergic to all tree nuts, so I can’t have any cross
contact.
Waiter: okay, I’ll put your order.
….
Waiter: So I spoke with the chef, and he said that he’s too busy now to clean down all
the equipment to make your order, and other people do get nuts on French toast, so they are
in our kitchen. It’s a really busy time now with brunch on a Sunday. But you should be fine
with just maybe some traces.
Teenager: Actually no, that’s not okay with me. Cancel my order please, I’ll go
somewhere else.